
Quick guide into how I setup the OMERO SIMcheck scripts.

All the files mentioned below are on

OMERO Fiji plugin comes from the OMERO site. The scripts are on
GitHub. My versions are at 

https://github.com/iandobbie/Omero-Imagej-Scripts/tree/SIMcheck-howto-update

Clone in git or if you don't know how to do that, go the the green
clone or download button and download a zip file. 


1) Install the OMERO IJ plugin
--------------------
Copy the contents of OMERO.insight-ij-5.4.10-ice36-b105 (or later
version) into the Fiji plugins directory.

2) Install omero_client.jar
--------------------
This needs to go into the Fiji jars directory.

3) Install the OMERO_toolbox.py script.
--------------------
Create a new directory in Fiji jars directory called Lib and copy the
OMERO_toolbox.py python script there.

4) Get the OMERO-SIMcheck.py
--------------------
Copy the python script to somewhere useful on your machine. You will
need to be able to open it from the Fiji file menu so maybe in your
home directory or similar.

5) Start Fiji

5a) increase the memory available to Fiji, Select the
edit:options:memory and threads menu item and increase the maximum
memory. I suggest at least 10,000 MB if possible, once you click ok,
you have to restart Fiji for this to apply.

6) open the script OMERO-SIMcheck.py from the Fiji file menu. It
should open in the script editor.

7) Run the script
--------------------
run button is in the bottom left corner of the script editor window

8)Fill in dialog
--------------------
Server: omero1.bioch.ox.ac.uk (or your server name)
Port: 4064 (this is the default and what it uses but for some reason
it displays 0)

username/password for your OMERO account - mind out it does not blank
your password! (We know this is a major drawback and are trying to
solve this. 

you must create and point to a temporary directory for the data to be
downloaded to and processed in.

Dataset ID can be got from the OMERO webclient by selecting the
dataset you want to process and looking at the top of the right hand
panel for the Dataset ID my test dataset is 19727

GroupID is the a number you need to know, and rather awkward to get:
a) go to the web interface
b) click on your name, move down to the group you want to select and
then hover over a name in that group. If you look at the link it have
?active_group=
c) write down the number after the equals, this is the group id. 

Raw and sim_subfix are the file endings you have used, the defaults for
OMX data are .dv and _SIR.dv

The select all the tests you want to run.


